1657394: 23rd batch of 20 files with new SEO descriptions. (#19603)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/whats-new/obsolete-members.md

---
title: "Obsolete members - .NET Framework"

> description: See the list of type members that are obsolete in .NET 4.5 and later versions. Type members are grouped by assembly. It doesn't list members of obsolete types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: See the list of type members that are obsolete in .NET 4.5 and later versions. Type members are grouped by assembly. Members of obsolete types are excluded here.
```
